build: expand ${ZEPHYR_<module>_MODULE_DIR} in CONF_FILE, OVERLAY_CONFIG (#42057)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/dts/howtos.rst

Devicetree overlays are explained in :ref:`devicetree-intro`. The CMake
variable :makevar:`DTC_OVERLAY_FILE` contains a space- or semicolon-separated
list of overlay files to use. If :makevar:`DTC_OVERLAY_FILE` specifies multiple

> files, they are included in that order by the C preprocessor.  The absolute
> path to a file in a module will be generated by referring to it in your
> project's :file:`CMakeLists.txt` as:
> 
> .. code-block:: cmake
> 
>    set(DTC_OVERLAY_FILE "\${ZEPHYR_MODULENAME_MODULE_DIR}/<module-relative-pathname>")
> 
>    find_package(Zephyr)
> 
> or from the shell as:
> 
> .. code-block:: shell
> 
>    cmake -DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE="\${ZEPHYR_MODULENAME_MODULE_DIR}/<module-relative-pathname>"

Reviewer: Related to the comment of the rendered output.

How about just a short sentence on this, for example like:
```suggestion
files, they are included in that order by the C preprocessor. A file in a Zephyr
module can be referred by escaping the Zephyr module dir variable like `\${ZEPHYR_<module>_MODULE_DIR}/<path-to>/dts.overlay` when setting the DTC_OVERLAY_FILE variable.
```
